feat: native support for Websockets (#12973)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/99-writing-adapters.md

- Put the user's static files and the generated JS/CSS in the correct location for the target platform

Where possible, we recommend putting the adapter output under the `build/` directory with any intermediate output placed under `.svelte-kit/[adapter-name]`.

> For those interested in integrating WebSocket support into their own SvelteKitadapters, please refer to the crossws [adapter integration guides here](https://crossws.unjs.io/adapters) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add WebSocket to a SvelteKit adapter, you will need to handle upgrading the connection within the adapter. The crossws [adapter integration guides](https://crossws.unjs.io/adapters) may be a helpful reference.
```

	- Initialises the server by calling the `server.init({ env })` function
	- Listens for requests from the platform, converts them to a standard [`Request`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) if necessary, calls the `server.respond(request, { getClientAddress })` function to generate a [`Response`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) and responds with it
	- expose any platform-specific information to SvelteKit via the `platform` option passed to `server.respond`
	- Globally shims `fetch` to work on the target platform, if necessary. SvelteKit provides a `@sveltejs/kit/node/polyfills` helper for platforms that can use `undici`
- Bundle the output to avoid needing to install dependencies on the target platform, if necessary
- Put the user's static files and the generated JS/CSS in the correct location for the target platform

Where possible, we recommend putting the adapter output under the `build/` directory with any intermediate output placed under `.svelte-kit/[adapter-name]`.

If your environment supports WebSockets, you will need to integrate [`crossws`](https://crossws.unjs.io/adapters) into your adapter by outputting code that:

> - Initialises the server with the `crossws` adapter's `peers` and `publish` utilities by calling the `server.init({ env, peers, publish })` function

Reviewer 2: I've added "you will need to configure the `supports.webSockets` property returned by the adapter" in the paragraph above. Is that descriptive enough? (the property is explained in more detail in the examplem adapter code block from earlier)
